[receiver/jmx] Add metric gatherer to artifacts (#3262)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### 💡 Enhancements 💡

> - (Splunk) `jmxreceiver`: Enable running in Docker on Windows and Linux ([#3262](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/3262))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Splunk) `jmxreceiver`: Bundle latest [JMX Metric Gatherer](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-contrib/tree/main/jmx-metrics) in installer packages and images for Windows and Linux ([#3262](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/3262))
```
